Right, so Justin asks why local
storage exists, [LAUGH] I guess.
If there's IndexedDB and local storage,
why is there two of those?
Well, local storage pretty
sure came beforeIndexedDB.
But unfortunately, local storage has
some fatal flaws, like it's synchronous.
And so doing heavy lifting,
doing data intensive things
is not gonna work very well.
It's gonna block the rendering
loop all kinds of problems.
So I would say don't even learn
about local storage cuz it's
just kind of a bad idea.
[LAUGH] You can use IndexedDB with these
nice wrappers and it's just as easy,
but it's a better foundation.
Okay, so the other question is,
what does the browser support look like?
So I don't recall exactly what the browser
support is like for the LevelDB browserify
stream, but I'd imagine that it's gonna
be really similar to IndexedDB itself.
So you can pretty safely use it on
mobile and you can pretty, IE11 has it.
I think 10 might even have it.
>> 10 has it, but-
>> Yeah, it kind of works in IE10, right?
It works well enough in 11 or
Edge or whatever they call it now.
You always have to watch out for Safari,
which is the IE6 of our day, but
it should work reasonably
well in most browsers.
How does the offline and
the online sync work?
You use it offline and you wanna sync
it on the server site, database site.
>> Yes, so if you wanna implement
something like syncing,
there's more pieces that you're
gonna need to implement that well,
which I'll be covering after lunch.
But generally speaking,
you need something like an append
only log to do syncing well.
And we're gonna be doing some stuff
with crypto as well to do that
securely using this idea called
Merkle degs, signed Merkel degs.
Yes, syncing is a little bit more
involved, but we'll get to that.